Meeting 1
04/06/2021

Gave a little bit of background on myself and course etc.
Have set up a one drive for a log book

Data
- GP Data (which is very protected)
- Data from Chepstow which i'll have to explore

There are multiple staff who switch around different buildings?!

Data & Code has to be hidden, completly and will be giving out the data bit by bit.
    This could be useful to keep it target based.

The person's pronoun is THEY.

9AM - Tuesday 21st Report Submission
Tuesday 28th Presentation Submission
29th Presenting the Work.

Understanding Capacity of the NHS
    - This could have a lot of background which could steal from the word count.

Graphs and Tables could be very useful for the word count, visualisations could be key to showing the data.



What sort of knowledge of database processing will be needed for this?
May need Manipulating of the data to be explored in multiple ways.

AVG could be very high, but the Mode could be 0.

Could be asked about my background with NHS and Health - which is none but willing to learn.
I have done a lot of R programming and Python in the past and can apply these skills to health care data hopefully.

System Dynamics society
Operations Research for a health board.

--- Say if a person has 1 appointment per year, at 7000, 
    One staff member would have to see 4 people per hour if they worked a 200 day year.

Ask about population vs staff, 
1 appointment per person, per year, is about 4 appointments per hours for staff.

    example:
If i have bloods taken, I would only take up like 10 mins of data. 
Look for data on GP Vacancies.
As part of the model, we could look at the Vacancies (Aneiran Bevan went up .3% a year?)
Avg percentages increase per year.
Look at the biggest increase, smallest increase and how does it compare to Aneiran Bevan.
Give a note about web scraping,
say the challenges and what was done to overcome the challenges.

If there's a gap in the research, that's great - Looking at demand. 
Any data on splits of roles in practice in GPs.
Could even add that the acute visiting doesn't matter. 

Mention all of the methods for my web scraping, finding a package to help the process.

On average a GP will see XYZ amount of people. 

How does depreciation affect health of area

British - visits to GP for neurotic people

Lower income areas have lower use of secondary care, even though they had a higher use of primary care. 