Emrhys Pickup - They - information analysis
Jenny Morgan - NHS Chair for Delivery Unit
Paul Roach

Just a chat really 

Should use web scraping for reproducability when getting data etc
What is the population looking like around xyz - academic dissertation and focus around 
- General Practice
- Primary Care

Any Vital Papers
    This was missing
Snowball methodology

Is there anything we can learn from the literature

a lot of acronms across NGS and Health Care

Population registered vs what might be registered 
    - Where is the practiv & what is it's popular that it serves.
    - what is the registered population.

We've got x pop, and reg pop, what if this extends and looking at how residence overtime.
    - projection of 
    - stats wales
    - ons

lower super output area
middle super output area

stats wales - future population projects by xyz
Demmand and Cappacity 

where is the housing development, what do we know about it, What LSOA is it in?
Will they all come to this GP or will people travel to a different GP.
in order to meet the needs of population, there would be a good idea to plot a new clinic by xyz.

Forcasting for population,

how strict should we keep the meetings,
when to meet?

what i've done - what i'm doing.

They have some data, but it could be over-bearing (With too many issues for clinical coding.)
coding standard - snowmed / snowmed ct?
primary care - GP uses - readcodes
hospital data - icd10 code - 1 person on 1 admission, will have many codes assigned to them.

In the end they want to maybe show something to show them in the end, 
(Julie has a relationship with a GP) - can feedback to GP's to get an idea of whats up?

dissertation
    Public domain data,
    If they share data with us - aggregated data and anonymis it.

Offically started today 10/06/2021 - 

Some dates 
24 June - Event BrightSight?
NHS Participant - doing a project with them.
Peer Support 3rd August - R MarkDown / R Shiney?
28th September
October - Python

Modelling - never done health care. 
How does somebody in the practice turn into the demand?

There is different demands coming from different demands of population,
there is a health dynamic for people living in depryved areas. 

Age aspect, older people will have more demand for a visit within a primary care unit.

Look at what analysis you want to do for the data, we only want to look at the data for a clear approach. 
Mean, Median & Mode being very different, we need more than stats and need to break it down by these characteristics. 

Primary care is our first call for people with chronic ideas. 

Starting on Public Domain data - 

Will we look at demand as a crude approach, look at what kind of GP type is under more demand.

Can we find guidance from the literature for the guidance of demand data and health care (Phlobatomysts vs nurses.)

111 data? - health care is NHS Wales, not NHS England. 
Can use NHS, but must make sure i'm stating which one
    NHS England
    NHS Northern Ireland
    NHS Scotland
    NHS Wales

Chepstow GPs could be odd, as you can literally walk to the GP from England.

Start with what are the dynamics - 
who's moving in, who's movin out?

subscript by age, depreication, 